LOAN CUM PLEDGE AGREEMENT
This Agreement made on {{DATE_LONG}}, between:
(1) The Borrower the details where of are given at the end of the Agreement, (here in after called the 
"Borrower") of the First Part
AND
(2) Shriram Credit Company Limited., a Company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 
having CIN No. U65993TN1980PLC008215 and having its registered office situated at Shriram 
House, No.4, Burkit Road,T.Nagar,Chennai,TamilNadu,600017 having RBI registration number- 
B-07.00709, (here in after called "SCCL" or the "Lender") of the Third Part.
(The expression 'Borrower and SCCL/ Lender' shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning 
thereof be deemed to include their respective legal heirs, executors and administrators and shall be 
deemed to include his/her/its/their respective successors and permitted assigns in the case of the 
Borrower and its assigns in the case of SCCL/ Lender)
(The expressions Borrower and SCCL shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as the "Parties" and
individually as the "Party")
WHEREAS the Borrower being in need of funds has approached SCCL for a loan of Rs. {{AMOUNT}} 
(Rupees {{AMOUNT_WORDS}}) (hereinafter referred to as the "Loan Facility")
AND WHEREAS the Borrower has submitted the signed Loan Application Form, Borrower's Details
and Financial details and has also agreed to pay the charges as per schedule of charges for the said 
Loan (as more specifically mentioned in Annexure-1 of the Agreement).
AND WHEREAS SCCL has agreed to grant a loan to the Borrower as per the following terms and 
conditions
NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH THAT:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 Definitions
“Asset Management Company” means a firm that invests pooled funds from clients into a variety of
securities and assets to achieve specific investment goals.
“AMFI” means Association of Mutual Funds in India, which is a self-regulatory body for the Indian 
mutual fund industry. 
"Closing Price NAV" - means Mutual Fund schemes it is the Net Asset Value (NAV) declared for 
that day by the mutual fund scheme.
"Demat Account" means a depository account opened with a Depository Participant in respect of the
securities held by the holder in dematerialized form in accordance with the provisions of the 
Depositories Act, 1996 (22 of 1996).
"Demat Securities" means the Securities which have been dematerialized in accordance with the 
provisions of the Depositories Act, 1996 (22 of 1996).
"Depository Participant" or "DP" means the agents of a depository such as NSDL or CDSL who 
are given license to operate by a depository, under the provisions of The Depositories Act, 1996.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
"Designated Bank Account" means a bank account of the Borrower.
"Designated Demat Account" means a Demat Account opened by the Borrower with a DP wherein 
the Securities are held by Lender as Margin on behalf of the Borrower.
"Due Date(s)" means any date on which any Loan Amount in relation to the Loan Facility becomes 
due and payable to the Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
"Event of Default" shall mean any of the events of default set out in Clause 21 of this Agreement.
"SCCL" or "Lender" means Shriram Credit Company Limited, a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office at Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. 
Nagar, Chennai – 600017.
"Loan" means the amount of Loan Facility drawn from time and as reduced by repayment or 
prepayment and outstanding from time to time.
"Loan Amount" means debts and liabilities owing or incurred, from time to time, (whether incurred 
alone or jointly and whether as principal or surety or in any other capacity), by the Borrower under or 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (as renewed or amended), and including without limitation all
amounts payable with respect to the Loan Facility relating to any payment or repayment of the 
amount of the Loan, interest, default/ additional interest, charges, all further advances or financial 
accommodation from time to time made available under any the Loan Facility, indemnity payments 
and all accrued interest, costs, fees and expenses payable in respect of the Loan Facility.
"Loan Documents" mean all this Agreement, all documents entered into in relation to the Loan 
Security including Letter of Authorisation, any request letter or other written request submitted by 
the Borrower in relation to the Loan Facility and such other document as may be designated as a 
Loan Document by the Lender.
"Loan Facility" means a Loan Facility in the amount not exceeding {{AMOUNT}} sanctioned by SCCL 
to the Borrower.
"Loan Security" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Clause 2.8.
"LTV" means loan to value ratio, as of a particular date, in which the numerator is equal to the 
outstanding principal balance of the Loan and the denominator is equal to the appraised value of the 
Security as determined by Lender in its reasonable discretion.
"Margin" means such percentage of the value of Mutual Fund Units held by the Borrower, held in 
the Mutual Fund Scheme and pledged by the Borrower in favour of SCCL, as is required to be funded
by the Borrower. Margin is prescribed by SCCL, according to the applicable laws and policies and 
may be varied from time to time and from one asset class to another and from one Security to another.
SCCL will have the exclusive right to vary Margin applicable on any Mutual Fund Units at any time 
and the same will be binding on the Parties.
"Market Value" has been defined, as Net Asset Value (NAV) determined as listed on the website 
of AMFI. Such market price or NAV shall be as further reduced by applying such percentage or 
haircut as may be prescribed by the Lender, time to time, with the resultant value being the market 
price.
"Material Adverse Effect" means any circumstance or event that might have a material adverse 
effect on or change (in the judgment of the Lender) on or in respect of (a) the business, operations, 
property, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower; or (b) ability of the 
Borrower to perform its/their obligations under the Agreement or the Loan Documents; or (c) the 
validity or enforceability of the Agreement/ Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of the Lender 
hereunder/ Loan Documents; or (d) the international capital or loan market; or (e) the political, 
financial or economic conditions; and shall also mean and include any event whether domestic or 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
international, which in the opinion of the Lender could adversely affect the Loan Facility and/or Loan 
Security.
"Mutual Fund" means a mutual fund or funds registered with the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (SEBI).
"Mutual Fund Unit" means the interest of the unit holders in a Mutual Fund, which consists of each 
unit representing one undivided share in the assets of a Mutual Fund.
"NACH" means National Automated Clearing House which facilitates payment in electronic mode 
by using the services of National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI)
"Net Asset Value" or "NAV" means the Market Value of the assets of the scheme minus its 
liabilities. The per unit NAV is the Net Asset Value of the scheme divided by the number of units 
outstanding on the valuation date.
"Prescribed LTV" means the maximum Loan-to-Value ratio applicable to the Loan, as specified in 
the Sanction Letter, which the Borrower is required to maintain throughout the tenure of the Loan and
until payment in full of all amounts due under the Loan.
“Registrar and Transfer Agent” means the registrar and transfer agent appointed by the 
relevant Mutual Fund/Asset Management Company in respect of the Mutual Fund Scheme, as 
registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
"Promissory Note" shall mean a promissory note from the Borrower in favour of the Lender 
for the repayment of the amount of the Loan Amounts along with Interest payable under the 
Loan Facility.
"Security Provider" means and includes any party creating Loan Security, including pledge, on the 
Securities in favour of the Lender as a Security for the repayment of the Loan Amounts in the manner 
provided in the Agreement and the relevant Loan Documents, if applicable.
"Securities" means Mutual Fund Units, as approved by SCCL, which are issued by a SEBI approved 
Mutual Fund in India.
1.2 Rules And Interpretation
Unless the context otherwise requires:
a. The requisite clauses are applicable to the extent only for those asset classes and products on 
which lien is marked. 
b. Any reference to the singular shall include plural and any reference to the plural includes the 
singular, and words importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender and 
neutral gender and vice versa;
c. The expressions month and year shall be construed as the calendar month or calendar year;
d. Any reference to an enactment, regulations, rules or any instrument (including any specific 
section, clause or article therein) shall be construed to refer to the same as amended or 
replaced, as the case may be;
e. Reference to days or dates which do not fall on a working day, shall be construed as 
references to the day or date falling on the-immediately subsequent working day;
f. Headings in this Agreement shall not be deemed to form part thereof or be taken into 
consideration in the interpretation or construction thereof. The headings in the Agreement are
for convenience only and shall not constrain or affect its construction or interpretation in any 
way whatsoever;
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
g. Any reference to a clause, sub-clause or schedule is reference to the clause, sub- clause or 
schedule hereto;
h. Save and except as specifically provided in the Loan Documents any determination with 
respect to the 'materiality' or 'reasonability' of any matter including of any event, quantity, 
degree, occurrence, circumstance, change, fact, information, document, authorisation, 
proceeding, act, omission, claims, breach, default or otherwise shall be made by the Lender 
in its sole and absolute discretion;
i. The words "include", "including" and "in particular" shall be construed without limitation 
and as being by way of illustration only and shall not be construed as limiting the generality 
of any foregoing words; (j) Time is of the essence in the performance of the Borrower(s) 
obligations, if any time period specified herein is extended in the sole discretion of the 
Lender, such extended time shall also be of essence;
If a clause of the Agreement is void, illegal or unenforceable, it may be severed without 
affecting the enforceability of any provisions of the Agreement;
j.
k. The Agreement containing the terms and conditions in respect of the Loan shall be read 
along with the concerned Loan Documents executed by the Borrower at the time the 
Borrower actually avails the Loans;
l. Words and abbreviations which have, well known technical or trade/ commercial meanings 
are used in the Agreement in accordance with such meanings.
2. ADVANCEMENT OF LOAN FACILITY
2.1. Upon the request of the Borrower, SCCL has agreed to lend and advance the Loan Facility to the 
Borrower upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein to enable the Borrower 
to use the proceeds towards the purpose mentioned in Annexure-2. Each such amount shall 
jointly with all other amounts disbursed under this Agreement hereinafter constitute the "Loan". 
The following facilities shall be available under this Agreement:
a. Loan against Securities
2.2. In consideration of the Lender providing and/or agreeing to provide Loan Facility against 
Securities to the Borrower, the Borrower hereby agrees to abide by the Loan Documents which 
set out the general terms and conditions applicable to the Loan.
2.3. Upon the execution of the Agreement and satisfactory compliance of the conditions set out in the
Loan Documents provided herein, the Borrower shall be eligible to avail the Loan Facility made 
available by the Lender within such limits as may be prescribed by the Lender, and subject to the
terms and conditions of the Agreement. If the Loan availed by the Borrower is in tranches, then 
each withdrawal under the tranche shall for the purposes of this document shall constitute the 
"Loan".
2.4. Upon execution of the Sanction Letter, the Loan Facility provided thereunder shall be deemed to 
have been provided pursuant to the Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Loan 
Documents shall govern the terms and conditions of such a Loan.
2.5. The Loan Facility may be granted to the Borrower as a Term Loan as communicated by the 
Lender.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
2.6. Loan once disbursed can be repaid at any time on or before the Due Date during the tenure of the
Loan at the sole discretion of the Borrower. Any prepayment of the Loan shall be in accordance 
with the provisions of this Agreement and other Loan Documents.
2.7. End use: The Borrower agrees that the Lender has absolute right to prescribe/specify in its sole 
and absolute discretion the permitted end use of the Loan Facility made available. The end-use 
shall not be in conflict with this Agreement or any applicable law, as the Lender may allow from 
time to time. 
2.8. As security for the Loan Amount, the Borrower shall provide to the Lender:
a. First ranking exclusive pledge over the Security such that the Margin requirements as 
mentioned in the Schedule are met at all times for the entire duration of the Loan Facility and
till the Loan Amount is paid off in full to the Lender along with Interest due;
b. First ranking exclusive pledge over the bonus issuances made in relation to the Security 
under Clause 2.8 (a);
c. Execute all documents and letters including Promissory Note in respect of the Loan;
eNACH for 2x of the Sanctioned amount or Rs.1,00,00,000/- whichever is lower and
d.
e. Such other security as the Lender may reasonably demand as security for the Loan Amount 
(collectively "Loan Security").
2.9. The Borrower shall also execute and submit to the Lender in the manner as specified by the 
Lender, such security along with necessary documents for creation of the Loan Security.
2.10. Notwithstanding the above, all further or other Securities which shall/may be pledged with 
the Lender as well as other accretions, entitlements and benefits in respect of the Securities 
which the Lender is entitled to, including without limitation all bonus  , Securities, dividend, 
interest, preferential entitlements and so on shall be deemed to be pledged in favour of the 
Lender pursuant to the Agreement without any further act, instrument or deed and the terms and 
conditions of the Agreement shall mutatis mutandis apply to such accretions as if they had 
originally been pledged with the Lender pursuant to the Agreement.
2.11.
In order to secure the due payment by the Borrower of the dues to the Lender under the 
Agreement and the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the Agreement, the 
Borrower hereby pledge/lien/assign (whichever applicable) the Securities as mentioned in the 
Sanction Letter in favour of the Lender;
2.12.
In case the Borrower intends to invest in Mutual Fund Units, a letter in prescribed form from 
such Mutual Fund that it will mark the Lender's lien on the units to be subscribed by the 
Borrower in the Mutual Fund;
2.13.
The Borrower hereby agrees to doing such acts, deeds and executing such documents as may 
be required under the provisions/ governed by SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and as 
amended from time to time made thereunder and other rules, regulations and by laws of the 
above referred regulations concerned, for creating a pledge in favour of the Lender in respect of 
such Mutual Fund Units from time to time.
2.14.
The Lender may, in its sole discretion appoint a security pledge trustee in order to undertake 
any actions on behalf of the Lender in relation to the Security pursuant to the Agreement.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
2.15. Borrower undertakes that in case the Mutual Fund Units forming part of the Loan Security is 
restricted for redemption, the Borrower shall immediately replace such Securities with Securities 
that are acceptable to the Lender.
2.16.
The Borrower(s) acknowledge/s that the Loan Facility, in case of pledge/lien of Mutual Fund 
Schemes, will be made available only after the Lender shall have received intimation from the 
Depository Participant and Registrar and Transfer Agent to the effect that the Registrar and 
Transfer Agent has made an entry in its records of the creation of the pledge/ marking of lien in 
favour of the Lender.
2.17.
If by error or otherwise any of the Securities or any accretion or entitlements in respect 
thereof come to the possession of the Borrower without the authority of the Lender, then the 
Borrower, shall forthwith deliver such Securities to the Lender and until the Borrower so delivers
such Securities to the Lender, he/she/it/they shall hold such Securities in trust and for the benefit 
of the Lender.
2.18.
In case the Lender invokes the pledge, on the pledged/lien marked Mutual Fund Units, the 
Borrower unconditionally agrees that the Lender may without prejudice to its other rights in law 
as pledgee, be entitled to have itself registered as holder of the Securities in the records of the 
Depository Participant and Registrar and Transfer Agent and/or to sell the Securities to recover 
its dues without any further notice to the Borrower. The Borrower will do all acts that may be 
necessary or required in order to enable the Lender to sell the Securities to recover its dues.
2.19. Borrower will issue open NACH mandate to the Lender for the due repayment of the Loan 
Amounts and interest thereon. Further the Borrower authorizes the Lender to bank the aforesaid 
open NACH mandate on the due dates for the installment amounts as communicated by the 
Lender to the Borrower from time to time. Such NACH mandate shall be deemed to have been 
given for adequate consideration received by the Borrower and shall not absolve the Borrower 
from its liability to pay the said sums hereunder until the NACH mandate is duly realised. The 
Borrower shall maintain adequate balance for realisation of the NACH mandate, on their Due 
Dates for payment. It is expressly agreed and understood that the Borrower shall at no time close 
the bank accounts from which the NACH mandate have been issued or issue any communication 
to the Lender for stopping or postponing the presentment of the NACH mandate and the Lender 
is not bound to take notice of any such communication which, if issued, will be regarded as a dis-
honour of the NACH mandate. The Borrower agrees that if any amounts are outstanding for 
payment by the Borrower (not being the Loan Amounts) including on account of the amounts 
disbursed under other Loan Amounts or indebtedness of the Borrower, the Lender shall be 
entitled to encash the NACH mandate for the satisfaction of such outstanding amounts 
notwithstanding that the NACH mandate have been deposited for repayment of a Loan Amounts 
and the Borrower shall continue to be indebted to the Lender for the Loan Amounts.
2.20. Online Loan Disbursement Facility:
a. The Borrower agrees that an online request for disbursement of the Loan Facility, is subject 
to applicable law, inherent risks and the policies of the Lender as may be applicable from 
time to time. It will be the sole responsibility of the Borrower to ensure that all user name 
and passwords as may be shared by the Lender with the Borrower are kept confidential and 
not revealed/ disclosed to any third party, including any person claiming to represent the 
Lender, or its agents and shall take all possible care to prevent discovery of the user name or 
password by any person. Such transmission methods involve the risk of possible 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
unauthorized alteration of data, unauthorized usage thereof for whatever purposes and/ or 
virus attacks and are susceptible to a number of frauds, misuse, hacking, malicious, 
destructive or corrupting code, program or macro which could affect the online facility for 
disbursement request and the Loan Facility. This could result in delays in the processing of 
the online disbursement request or failure in the processing of such requests and the Lender 
shall not be responsible for the same.
b. The Borrower shall exempt the Lender from any and all responsibility/ liability of such 
misuse or virus attacks/ transmission to the Borrower's system and shall not hold the Lender 
responsible / liable therefor. In no event shall the Lender be liable for any Losses due to loss 
or improper or unauthorized use of the passwords, login information, data, onetime 
passwords etc. on the website of the Lender or through any electronic mode and the 
Borrower shall be solely responsible for the same. Further, the Lender shall not be liable for 
any Losses due to any delay or inability to use the Lender's website or services provided by 
any electronic mode, the provision of or failure to provide services by the Lender, or for any 
information, software, products and services obtained through the Lender's websites, or 
otherwise arising out of the use of the Lender's website, whether based on contract, 
negligence, strict liability or otherwise.
c. Further, it is hereby clarified that the Lender is agreeing to undertake such transaction based 
on instructions given by the Borrower and the Lender is not bound to check the accuracy and
the authenticity of instructions. It shall be the duty of Borrower to ensure that such 
instructions are not misused by the Affiliates or staff/members of the Borrower or any third 
party. The Lender accepts no liability for the consequences arising out of erroneous 
information supplied by the Borrower. If the Borrower notice an error in the information 
supplied to the Lender, the Borrower shall immediately advise the Lender and the Lender 
will endeavor to correct the error wherever possible on a "reasonable efforts" basis.
d. The Lender reserves the right to discontinue the online disbursement request facility or any 
part thereof at any point of time, but the Lender shall endeavor to provide a prior notice to 
the Borrower(s) in this regard save and except in circumstances where Lender has 
discontinued the online disbursement request facility or any part thereof to comply with any 
regulatory requirement or as a consequence of the Borrower(s) committing any breach of the 
terms or conditions contained in the Loan Documents. The Lender shall not be liable for any 
damages, claims of any nature whatsoever by reason of such termination or discontinuation 
of the online disbursement request. In the event of a default in payment of outstanding 
amounts on the relevant Due Dates, the Lender may refuse to disburse any further amounts 
under the Loan Facility.
2.21.
Prepayment of Loan Facility:
a. The Borrower(s) may prepay the outstanding Loan Amount in part or in full before the Due 
Date, subject to such terms and conditions as the Lender may deem fit including minimum 
prepayment amount, prepayment charges and/or any other charges. The foreclosure value 
will be calculated so as to include the balance principal and all Interest and charges accrued 
till the end of the month in which such foreclosure is affected along with the prepayment 
charges on the entire outstanding value of the Loan Facility at the rate as specified in the 
Loan Documents. The prepayment shall not take effect before the actual payment is 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
received/realized by the Lender and all Interest and other charges would be leviable till the 
apportionment of the payments received/realized by the Lender.
b.
In the event such part-closure is not getting processed due to regulatory or other reasons, any 
excess payment made by the Borrower over and above the value due at any time during the 
term of the Facility will be held in suspense under the Borrower's account (as excess) by the 
Lender. Such excess payment held by the Lender will not accrue any interest. The Lender 
may apportion the said amount against any future /past outstanding amounts on the said 
account/any account held by the Borrower that may remain unsettled by the Borrower for 
any reason.
c.
In case of any prepayment made by the Borrower, the Repayment Schedule may be 
amended/altered by the Lender in its sole and absolute discretion.
2.22.
Pre-Conditions for Loan Disbursement:
The Loan Facility may be disbursed by the Lender to the Borrower, in one or more tranches on 
fulfilment of the following conditions precedent ("Conditions Precedent"). Failure to fulfil the 
Conditions Precedent could result in the Lender refusing to disburse the Facility. The Conditions 
Precedent required to be fulfilled are:
a. The Borrower(s) shall have provided to the Lender, such details, documentary evidences and 
information as may be required by the Lender under its know your customer norms;
b. The Borrower(s) shall have provided to the Lender such payment instructions as may be 
required by the Lender.
c. The Borrower(s) shall have obtained and delivered all Authorisations/documents that may be
required by the Lender and any other document(s) as may be required by the lender in its 
sole and absolute discretion and the Borrower shall have created the Security in favour of the
Lender to the satisfaction of the Lender.
3. MAINTENANCE OF LTV
3.1. Maintaining Loan to Value (LTV) Ratio:
a.
b.
In the event that the Net Asset Value, in the case of Mutual Fund Units of the Security falls, 
or under any other circumstances, if the Lender deems fit, the Lender shall serve upon the 
Borrower a notice by  SMS or  email  demanding additional security by way of cash payment
and/or delivery of further Securities , being Securities of mutual funds acceptable to it or any 
other Security as approved by the Lender and the Borrower undertakes that within 1 (one) 
day from the receipt of the notice from the Lender (“Top-Up Period”), the Borrower shall 
make up the difference either by payment using Payment Gateway to the Lender or by 
causing the delivery to the Lender of additional Securities, acceptable to the Lender, of the 
value necessary to make up the difference.
If at any time the value of the Securities falls so as to create a deficiency in the Prescribed 
LTV specified by SCCL from time to time, then the Borrower shall:
i.
At all times from the date of disbursement of the Loan until the realization of the Loan 
Amount, maintain the Prescribed LTV;
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
ii.
iii.
If the total security value falls resulting in an increase in the LTV above   the Prescribed 
LTV on any calculation day, the Borrower shall be required to top-up the Mutual Fund 
units or make part-payment. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, in the event of 
any decrease in the security value, SCCL shall have the right, at its sole discretion to 
invoke the pledge to make good the shortfall. Additional lien marking charges shall be 
applicable in case of unit top-up, and additional lien removal charges shall apply in case 
of invocation. The Lender shall be permitted to notify the Borrower by means of email / 
SMS of the same.
If the Borrower fails  to perfect the Security over the top-up Mutual Fund Units in 
accordance with above clause, without prejudice to the right of the Lender to call an 
Event of Default under this Agreement, additional/ default charge, as communicated by 
the Lender to the Borrower, shall accrue on the outstanding principal amount of the 
Loan Facility from the expiry of the top-up Period up to the date on which the Borrower 
creates pledge over the top-up Mutual Fund Units such that the prescribed LTV is 
maintained.
c. Notwithstanding that no Event of Default has occurred, if the value of the Securities falls 
resulting in an increase in LTV above the Prescribed LTV , the Lender shall, upon giving 
prior written notice through email or  SMS   to the Borrower, have the right to 
sell/redeem/transfer any portion of the Securities and apply the amount realised towards 
liquidation of part of the Loan Amount, so as to maintain the Prescribed LTV. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the issuance of such prior notice through email / SMS, shall not require 
the Lender to await the occurrence of an Event of Default before exercising its right under 
this Clause. In the event that the Lender is unable to dispose of the Securities by sale in the 
market or by repurchase by the Mutual Funds (as the case may be) for any reason, the Lender
may dispose of the Mutual Funds by way of an "off-market transaction" (disposal through a 
private sale) and all the costs incurred by the Lender for an off-market transaction shall be 
reimbursed by the Borrower. In case of pledged/lien marked Mutual Fund Units, the Lender 
may place redemption request with the Mutual Fund for the lien marked units.
4. BORROWER OBLIGATIONS AND UNDERTAKINGS
4.1. With respect to the pledged Securities which are pledged as Loan Security with the Lender in 
accordance with this Agreement, the Borrower represent, warrant and confirms that:
a. Borrower is the sole beneficial owner in case of individual accounts and Borrower is primary
beneficial owner in case of Either or Survivor accounts and has good and marketable title to 
the Securities which are free from any encumbrances;
b. The Securities:
i.
ii.
iii.
iv.
Have been duly authorised and validly issued and are freely and fully redeemable and 
not subject to any encumbrance, lock-in, pre-emptive rights or restrictions on transfer, 
other than the Loan Security created under this Agreement;
Are held in dematerialised form;
Are fully paid and have no moneys or liabilities outstanding or payable in respect of any
of them; and
Are not subject to any option to purchase or similar rights;
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
c. The Borrower have provided the Lender with all documents and information necessary for 
the Lender to complete a valid and fully effective transfer/redemption of each Security; and
d. The Borrower has full power, authority and legal right to create Loan Security on the 
Securities.
e. The Borrower hereby authorises the Lender to sell, assign or transfer the Securities herein 
pledged under this Agreement to any person(s) of the Lender's choice in whole or in part and 
in such manner and or such terms as the Lender may decide in case of any breach of terms 
and conditions by the borrower as enumerated in this agreement. Any such sale, assignment 
or transfer shall conclusively bind the Borrower.
4.2. The Borrower further represents and warrants to the Lender and confirms that, as on the date 
hereof:
a. The recording of the creation of the Loan Security by the Borrower in accordance with this 
Agreement creates a valid and perfect exclusive first charge by way of Loan Security in 
favour of the Lender in the manner specified in this Agreement and other actions necessary to
perfect or protect such Loan Security have been and/ or shall be duly taken pursuant to this 
Agreement;
b. The Borrower does not require any approval or consent from any Governmental or regulatory 
authority under Section 499 of the Income Tax Act, 2025 ("ITA");
c. The entry into by the Borrower of this Agreement constitutes, and the exercise by the 
Borrower of the rights and performance of obligations under this Agreement will constitute, 
private and commercial acts performed for private and commercial purposes and the 
Borrower will not be entitled to claim immunity from any suit, execution, attachment or other 
legal process in any proceedings taken in relation to this Agreement;
d. No other event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes a default under this 
Agreement which might have a Material Adverse Effect;
e. There are no proceedings relating to taxes pending against the Borrower under the ITA; and
f. All undisputed claims of Tax under the ITA have been duly discharged; and
g. There are no tax claims under the ITA. All tax payments (including withholding taxes) under 
the ITA have been discharged by the Security Provider;
h. No litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings of or before any court, arbitral body or
agency which, if adversely determined, might reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, has or have (to the best of its knowledge and belief) been started against the 
Borrower;
i. This Agreement has been duly stamped in accordance with, the relevant stamp law, and all 
duties or other similar taxes in connection therewith have been paid in full;
j. No steps have been initiated against the Borrower for any debt resolution, which restricts the 
ability of the Lender to enforce any of the Loan Documents.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
4.3. The Borrower agrees that all accretion to the said Securities by way of dividend for Mutual Fund 
Units and bonus and other benefits from time to time accruing in respect of the said Securities or 
any part thereof shall be deemed to be pledged with the Lender and the Borrower(s) agree that 
there is no need for signing any additional supplementary pledge/ document in this respect.
4.4. The Borrower agrees and undertakes that at any time during the continuance of the Agreement 
the Lender may require the Borrower to replace/substitute all or any portion of the Securities 
with new securities which are approved and acceptable to the Lender. The Borrower undertakes 
to comply with any/all such request of the Lender at any time during the continuance of the 
Agreement.
5. REPAYMENT OF LOAN
5.1. The Borrower undertakes to repay the entire Loan Amount along with all Interest and all other 
amounts due and not paid, on the Due Date.
5.2. At no point of time, the Loan Amount (including accrued interest) shall exceed 50% in respect of
Equity Mutual Fund Units collateral value and 85% in respect of Debt Mutual Fund Units 
collateral value and the combination of Debt and Equity will be calculated on pro data basis to 
cover the shortfall. The Borrower shall maintain the applicable Prescribed LTV throughout the 
tenure of the Loan and until payment in full of all amounts due under the Loan.
The Prescribed LTV may be revised from time to time by SCCL, at its sole discretion and in 
accordance with its applicable policies, and such revision shall be communicated to the Borrower
through email, SMS or any other mode permitted under this Agreement.
5.3. Without limitation or prejudice to the rights of SCCL, the Loan shall be repayable in full 
forthwith by the Borrower in the event of the Borrower's failure to:
a. Comply with any of the requirements under the Agreement or breach of any provisions 
hereof;
b. Pay any Interest when due to the Lender; or
c. Pay any amount when due to (a) the Lender under any other agreement, or (b) any other 
person;
d. Failure to maintain or provide adequate Margin, when called upon by the Lender;
e. An Event of Default as specified by this Agreement.
The Lender shall be permitted to exercise all its rights under this Agreement in case of an 
Event of Default upon sending notice to the Borrower by email or SMS.
The amounts paid by the Borrower under one or more Sanction Letter and/or the Agreement may,
at the discretion of the Lender, be appropriated by the Lender towards amounts payable by the 
Borrower under other Sanction Letter. Further, notwithstanding the payment of the Loan Amounts
under one or more of the Sanction Letter, the Lender shall always have the power to sell/transfer 
or otherwise dispose of any and all Loan Security created in favour of the Lender or its agent in 
respect of that/those Loan Amounts, and appropriate the same towards satisfaction of amounts 
due to the Lender by the Borrower on account of loan amounts in respect of other loan facility 
provided by the Lender.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
6. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT
6.1. Without prejudice to the provisions of Clause 6.2 (Renewed Term), the Loan Facility will be 
available for a term as mentioned in the Schedule of the Agreement as Tenure ("Term").
6.2. The Borrower hereby agree and accept that the Securities, this Agreement and other documents 
and writings executed by the Borrower including the pledge, or other Loan Security interest 
created by the Borrower shall be valid and shall be a continuing security by way of an exclusive 
charge to 
SCCL for the Loan Amount and all other monies which are due from the Borrower. If the Loan 
is recalled, the Borrower shall on demand be bound to repay the Loan Amount together with 
accrued interest till the date of actual realization and all other amounts due to SCCL as on that 
date.
7.
INTEREST RATE
7.1. The Loan shall carry interest at the rate mentioned in the Schedule.
7.2. Interest shall be calculated from the date of disbursement of Loan Facility to the Designated 
Bank Account for disbursement of funds to the Borrower. The credit for receipt of funds received
from the Borrower shall be given on the next Working Day of realisation of the funds in the bank
account of SCCL. SCCL shall not be responsible for any delay on the part of the Borrower for 
credit to Borrower's account by the Borrower's bank. The determination by SCCL from time to 
time, of the interest shall be final and conclusive and binding upon the Borrower.
7.3. The Lender shall declare and display such revision in its rate of interest and the same shall be 
declared and announced on the Borrower's dashboard in the website and sent to the Borrower by 
email and the same shall be deemed to be notice to the Borrower for such revision. The Borrower
hereby agrees that it shall be the duty of the Borrower to ensure that it keeps itself updated of any
such changes or variations by logging in Borrower's account in the website and/or checking the 
email form the Lender. The revised rate of interest shall be applicable prospectively.
8. CHANGE OF DESIGNATED BANK ACCOUNT
₹
The Borrower may request a change of the Designated Bank Account during the tenure of the 
Loan ("Bank Swap"), subject to the Lender's approval, completion of the process prescribed by 
the Lender, and submission of such documents, information and verifications as the Lender may 
require. The Borrower may request a maximum of two (2) Bank Swaps during the tenure of the 
Loan. A Bank Swap charge of  250 (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty only), together with 
applicable Goods and Services Tax (GST), shall be payable by the Borrower for each approved 
Bank Swap. The Lender shall be entitled to recover such charges by debiting the Borrower's 
Designated Bank Account or in such other manner as may be permitted under this Agreement. 
The revised Designated Bank Account shall become effective only upon written confirmation by 
the Lender. Until such confirmation is received, the Borrower shall ensure that sufficient funds 
are maintained in the previously registered Designated Bank Account for repayment of all 
amounts due under the Loan. The Lender may reject any Bank Swap request that does not satisfy 
its internal policies, regulatory requirements, or verification procedures.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
9. CHANGE IN RESIDENTIAL STATUS
9.1. The Borrower shall promptly, and in any event within seven (7) days of such change, notify the   
Lender in writing if there is any change in the Borrower's residential status (including any change
from Resident Indian to Non-Resident Indian (NRI), Overseas Citizen of India (OCI), Person of 
Indian Origin (PIO), or any other non-resident status under applicable law) during the tenure of 
the Loan.
9.2. Upon such change, the Borrower shall promptly furnish such declarations, documents, KYC 
records, regulatory approvals, and other information as may be required by the Lender to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, including the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the regulations made thereunder, and shall comply with such operational requirements as may be 
prescribed by the Lender, including, where required, updating or changing the Designated Bank 
Account.
9.3. The Borrower acknowledges that any failure to intimate such change or to comply with the 
requirements of this Clause may delay or prevent the release of the pledged Mutual Fund units or
any other security upon repayment of the Loan and the Lender shall not be liable for any loss, 
delay, cost or consequence arising therefrom. Any additional costs, charges or expenses incurred 
by the Lender in connection with processing the release of the pledged Mutual Fund units or 
otherwise due to the Borrower's failure to promptly intimate such change or comply with the 
requirements of this Clause shall be borne solely by the Borrower and may be recovered by the 
Lender from the Borrower.
9.4. The Lender reserves the right to require such modifications to the repayment mechanism, 
documentation or security arrangements as may be necessary to comply with applicable law, 
regulatory requirements or the Lender's internal policies. If the Borrower fails to comply with 
such requirements within the period specified by the Lender, the Lender may exercise such rights
and remedies as are available under this Agreement and applicable law.
9.5. Upon any change in the Borrower's residential status from Resident Indian to Non Resident 
Indian, the Borrower shall ensure that all outstanding amounts are duly paid and settled through 
the same bank account, prior to any such change in the Borrower’s residential status.
10. OBLIGATIONS OF BORROWER:
a. The Borrower expressly recognizes and accepts that the Lender shall be absolutely entitled 
and have full power and authority to sell, assign or transfer in any manner, in whole or in part,
and in such manner and on such terms and conditions as the Lender may decide; including 
reserving a right to the Lender to retain its power hereunder to proceed against the Borrower 
on behalf of the purchaser, assignee, or transferee, any or all outstanding and dues of the 
Borrower to any third party of the Lender's choice without reference to or without written 
intimation by the Lender to the Borrower.
Any such action shall bind the Borrower to accept such third party as creditor exclusively or 
as a joint creditor with the Lender, or as creditor exclusively with the right to the Lender to 
continue to exercise all powers hereunder on behalf of such third party and to pay over such 
outstanding and dues to such third party and/or to the Lender as the Lender may direct. Any 
cost in this behalf, whether on account of such sale, assignment or transfer or enforcement of 
rights and recovery of outstanding and dues shall be to the account of the Borrower.
In case of assignment by the Lender to any third party (Assignee) the Borrower 
acknowledges to repay the amount outstanding in terms of the agreement, to the assignee.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
b. The Borrower hereby accepts and confirms that it has no objection to the Lender 
administering the Loan through third Parties. The Borrower confirms that the Lender may, 
either partly or in full, delegate such of those activities to any third party as it may think fit in 
the circumstances. Such delegation of work, would include the right and authority to collect 
the outstanding on behalf of the Lender, the dues and unpaid installments and other amount 
due under the Agreement and to perform and execute all lawful acts, deeds and matters and 
things connected therewith and incidental thereto including sending notices to the Borrower 
and/ or the Guarantors), receiving cash against issue of the receipt, cheques and drafts.
c. For the purpose aforesaid as for any other purpose at the sole discretion of the Lender, the 
Lender shall be entitled to disclose to the third party the details of the Borrower, the Loan, the
outstanding amount and other information for effectively discharging the work assigned to the
third Party and the Borrower and the guarantor(s) hereby consents to such disclosure by the 
Lender.
11. LOAN RENEWAL CHARGE
The Borrower agrees that, where the Borrower requests and the Loan Facility is renewed or 
continued beyond the initial loan tenure, the Lender shall be entitled to levy an Loan Renewal 
Charge at the rate or amount specified in the Sanction Letter, Key Fact Statement (KFS), 
Schedule of Charges, or such other Loan Documents.
The renewal or continuation of the Loan Facility shall be subject to the applicable terms and 
conditions governing the Loan Facility and such requirements as may be applicable at the time of
renewal. Any renewal or continuation of the Loan Facility shall be subject to the execution of a 
separate loan agreement or such other documentation as may be required by the Lender, which 
shall govern the terms and conditions applicable to such renewed or continued Loan Facility.
The charges shall become due and payable upon the renewal or continuation of the Loan Facility 
beyond the initial loan tenure and shall be applicable in respect of each subsequent renewal or 
continuation of the Loan Facility, where applicable.
The Borrower hereby authorizes the Lender to debit the charges, together with applicable taxes, 
to the Loan Account, Designated Bank Account, or recover the same through any other mode 
permitted under this Agreement.
The charges shall be non-refundable once levied, irrespective of whether the renewed or 
continued Loan Facility is fully or partially utilized or whether the Borrower prepays, forecloses, 
or otherwise terminates the Loan Facility after the ARC has become due, unless otherwise 
expressly provided by the Lender or required under applicable law.
The Lender reserves the right to revise the charges prospectively by providing prior notice to the 
Borrower by way of email/SMS in accordance with applicable law and the terms of this 
Agreement.
12. BOUNCE CHARGE
If any Electronic Clearing Service (ECS), National Automated Clearing House (NACH) 
mandate, Auto Debit instruction, cheque, standing instruction, UPI AutoPay mandate, or any 
other payment instruction issued by the Borrower towards repayment of the Loan or any amount 
payable under this Agreement is dishonoured, returned unpaid, rejected, or cannot be 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
successfully processed for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to insufficient funds,
account closure, stop payment instructions, invalid mandate, technical rejection attributable to 
the Borrower, or any other reason, the Borrower shall be liable to pay the Lender a Bounce 
Charge/Dishonour Charge as specified in the Schedule of Charges or the Sanction Letter, as 
amended from time to time.
The Bounce Charge shall be payable for each instance of dishonour or unsuccessful presentation,
irrespective of whether the payment instrument is re-presented subsequently or the overdue 
amount is recovered through any other mode.
The levy of Bounce Charges shall be without prejudice to:
a. The Borrower's obligation to pay the overdue EMI and all other outstanding amounts;
b. The Lender's right to levy penal charges in accordance with applicable laws and the terms of 
this Agreement;
c. The Lender's right to initiate recovery proceedings or exercise any other rights and remedies 
available under this Agreement or under applicable law.
The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that Bounce Charges are levied towards administrative 
and operational costs incurred by the Lender due to the unsuccessful payment transaction and 
shall be payable immediately upon demand or may be debited to the Borrower's Loan Account.
13. PENAL CHARGES APPLICABLE FOR DEFAULT OF PAYMENT
Upon any Event of Default including default in payment of Loan Amount, the Borrower shall be 
liable to pay 36% p.a. penal charges on the unpaid interest/EMI from the date of the default till 
the rectification of such default or final repayment of the Loan Amount, as the case may be, 
without prejudice to SCCL's other rights under this Agreement and in law.
14. NOTICE
Any notice or demand required to be given herein, by SCCL to the Borrower shall be addressed 
at the address given by the Borrower mentioned in Annexure-1 of this Agreement. In the event of
any change in the address of the Borrower, the Borrower shall forthwith intimate the same to 
SCCL, failing which service of notice or correspondence to the address given by the Borrower 
shall be deemed to have been served if it is sent at that address and it would be deemed to have 
been delivered in the normal course to the Borrower. Notice shall be sent either by email or by 
SMS. The email will be considered received if it does not bounce back within 24 hours of SCCL 
sending the email. The Parties agree that any notice sent by SCCL to the Borrower, which is not 
disputed within 7 (seven) days of the receipt of such notice, will be deemed accepted by the 
Borrower.
15. SCCL'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
15.1.
SCCL shall credit, if received all dividends received in respect of all securities pledged with   
SCCL into the loan account of the Borrower.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
15.2.
SCCL shall be entitled to sell, assign or transfer SCCL's rights and obligations under this 
Agreement to any person(s) of SCCL choice in whole or in part and in such manner and on such 
terms as SCCL may decide and deem fit. The transfer shall not result in any change on the terms 
of the Agreement entered into between the Lender and the borrower and shall have the same 
rights and obligations of a Lender shall continue. Any such sale, assignment or transfer shall 
conclusively bind the Borrower. The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally confirm that it 
shall continue to be binding to the terms of this Agreement and other Loan Documents 
notwithstanding such transfer or assignability by the Lender. The Borrower shall not be entitled 
to directly or indirectly assign or transfer the benefit or obligation accruing the Borrower under 
this Agreement.
15.3.
The Lender shall have the right to, at its absolute discretion, upon providing a notice in 
writing, cancel all undrawn portions of the Loan Facility and demand repayment of all 
outstanding amounts under/in relation to the Loan Facility. Upon receipt of such notice by the 
Borrower, all outstanding amounts along with all accrued interest and other charges shall become
due and payable within 7 working days.
16. INDEMNIFICATION
16.1. Without prejudice to the other rights of the Lender under the Loan Documents or under law, 
the Borrower shall, indemnify and agree to hold harmless, the Lender, and each of its directors, 
officers, representatives attorneys, agents and advisors (each an "Indemnified Party") against any
and all actual and direct losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses incurred or likely to be 
incurred by the Indemnified Party arising out of or in connection with:
a. An Event of Default or any other breach by the Borrower of this Agreement,
b. Any default by the Borrower in the performance of any of the obligations expressed to be 
assumed by it in the Agreement,
c. Preservation or enforcement of any Loan Security or rights by SCCL under or pursuant to 
this Agreement,
d. Any non-compliance with provisions of the Loan Documents by the Indemnifying Party
e. The exercise of any of the rights, powers, discretions, authorities and remedies vested in 
SCCL by this Agreement or by law,
f. Any enquiry, show cause notices, investigations, subpoena (or similar order) or litigation 
with respect to any of the Borrower or with respect to the transactions contemplated or 
financed under this Agreement
g. Any of the obligations of the Borrower under or pursuant to the Agreement being or 
becoming void, voidable, unenforceable or ineffective as against the Borrower(s), for any 
reason whatsoever, whether or not known to the Obligors or to the Lender or to any person
h. Any third-party claims in relation to indemnity matters set out in sub-clause (a) to (g) above 
of this Clause 14.
16.2.
The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally, warrants to the Lender, the due and punctual 
observance and performance of all the terms, conditions and covenants on the part of the 
Borrower(s) contained in the Agreement and other Loan Documents and agrees to pay to the 
Lender, from time to time, on demand any and every sum or sums of money which the 
Borrower(s) is at any time liable to pay to the Lender under or pursuant to the Agreement, and 
which has become due and payable but has not been paid on its Due Date or as and when 
demanded, and without prejudice to the generality hereof warrants, repayment and payment of 
the Loan Amounts on the Due Date and payment of interest and all other amounts on their 
respective Due Dates or on demand, whichever is earlier, and on the failure of the Borrower(s) to
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
pay the same forthwith on its Due Date or on demand, whichever is earlier, and without any 
demur or protest the amount demanded or payable irrespective of the validity legality or 
enforceability or otherwise of the obligations of the Borrower(s) hereunder.
16.3.
This indemnity shall be binding on the Borrower and on the Borrower's legal heirs, successors
and permitted assigns, for all time hereinafter and shall not be disputed and/or challenged by 
anyone.
16.4. All indemnity clauses of the Agreement shall survive and will be effective even after 
termination/expiry of the Agreement.
16.5.
Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify the Lender with respect to any liability incurred by the 
Lender arising from the misuse, fraud and/or unauthorized usage and activity etc. of the online 
portal.
17. END-USAGE OF THE LOAN PROCEEDS
The Borrower agrees and undertakes that the proceeds of the Loan will be utilized for the 
purpose set out in the application form and in no event the proceeds be used for creating artificial
markets or in any other form of market manipulation and shall not in any way conflict with any 
restrictive provisions contained in any of the Statutory provisions.
18. COSTS
All costs (including legal costs), charges, expense, taxes, duties (Including stamp duties) in 
relation to this Agreement and any document executed pursuant hereto and in relation to the 
creation, enforcement, realization and attempted realization of any Loan Security shall be borne 
and paid by the Borrower alone. The Borrower authorizes SCCL to debit the aforesaid sum to the
Loan account.
19. AMENDMENT
The Borrower unconditionally agrees that SCCL shall, have an exclusive right to change any 
and/or all terms of this Agreement after giving the Borrower notice, inter alia with respect to 
schedule of charges including rate of interest, pre-payment charges, renewal charges, penalty 
charges, etc. (as more specifically mentioned in Annexure 2 of this Agreement), Margin 
requirement, notice period for rectifying margin, repayment of Loan or any other terms which it 
may deem fit. SCCL undertakes that any change in charges or interest rates will only apply 
prospectively.
20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The Borrower agrees that this Agreement along with its Annexures including the Letter of 
Authorization, Transfer Instruction Slips, Pledge Instructions and other documents and writings 
executed by the Borrower, shall remain in operation till the claims of SCCL are satisfied and 
shall not be revoked or be deemed cancelled by the death / dissolution / winding up of the 
Borrower and SCCL may notwithstanding the death/dissolution/winding up of the Borrower 
enforce and sell any or all the Securities and/or cause any and all the Securities to be sold or 
transferred and/or otherwise act pursuant to  any authorisations, or any other deeds documents 
and writings executed by the Borrower.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
21. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
Without prejudice to what is stated hereinabove, SCCL shall be entitled to recall the Loan and 
enforce the Loan Security including the Securities, if any of the following events occur, that is to 
say, if there is any-
a. Default by the Borrower in repaying the Loan Amount or in payment of any interest for EMI 
presentation and the representation in one cycle, costs, charges and other amounts payable to 
SCCL.
b. Failure by the Borrower to maintain the Prescribed LTV;
c. Failure by the Borrower to repay the Interest / Loan as per the due dates as specified by 
Lender to Borrower;
d. Failure by the Borrower to top up the Security / provide additional Security as may be 
required by the Lender;
e. Any breach of any of the terms and conditions herein contained;
f. Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower in any Loan Document to which it is 
party to or in any certificate, financial statement or other document delivered to the Lender 
by any of the Borrower which has been found to be incorrect, false or misleading in any 
material respect when made or deemed made and such misrepresentation adversely affects 
the interest of the Lender in the opinion of the Lender;
g. Utilization of the Loan for any anti-social business or for purposes other than those specified 
in the application form;
h. Default by the Borrower under any other loan/facility provided by SCCL;
i. Any extraordinary situation or circumstances arise which, in the opinion of SCCL may make 
it impossible for the Borrower to fulfill its obligations hereunder or under the terms of 
sanction of the Loan;
j. Default by the Borrower in payment of tax liability;
k. Any information furnished by the Borrower in the application form or during the currency of 
the Loan is found to be misleading or incorrect in any material respect;
l. Operation of the Designated Demat Account, in case of pledge/lien mark of Securities, by the
Borrower himself / herself, in any manner whatsoever; and/or
m. Any of the following corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken 
in relation to the Borrower:
i.
ii.
iii.
iv.
v.
The suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration or reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, 
scheme of arrangement or otherwise);
A composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor;
The appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, 
compulsory      manager or other similar officer;
Execution, sequestration, attachment, enforcement, distress over any assets or 
properties of      any of the Borrower or any analogous procedure or step is taken in 
any jurisdiction; or
Any other event occurs or proceeding is instituted that under any law would have an 
effect      analogous to any of the events listed in sub-clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) 
above.
n. Any other event of default as proposed by the Lender in the Sanction Letter. 
(Items (a) to (n) above are hereinafter referred to as "Events of Default")
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
22. CONSEQUENCES OF EVENTS OF DEFAULT
22.1. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender shall have the right, in its discretion 
to exercise all the rights, powers and remedies vested in it (whether vested in it by this 
Agreement or any Loan Documents or by any Applicable Law) for the protection and 
enforcement of its rights in respect of the Loan Security, and the Lender shall be entitled, without
limitation, to exercise any or all of the following rights, as often as it deems fit, in its discretion:
a. Declare by way of notice that all the Loan Amounts, together with all other amounts accrued 
or outstanding under the Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon 
they shall become immediately due and payable;
b. To invoke the pledge on the Securities and/or transfer the Securities and register itself as the 
beneficial owner of all or any of the Securities;
c. Enforce the Loan Security in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents;
d. To exercise any rights or powers conferred pursuant to any authorisation, deed, document or 
writing, if any, executed by the Borrower in favour of the Lender in connection with the 
enforcement or of the Lender’s claims; and/or(e) exercise any other right that the Lender may
have under the Loan Documents or under applicable law.
e. Upon default and thereby the Security becoming enforceable, the Lender shall, without 
prejudice to its other rights and remedies, have absolute power and authority to use its 
discretion to invoke, sell and dispose of the Loan Security or any part of the same by public 
auction or by private treaty, without the intervention of the Court, as and when the Lender 
may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit and to apply the net proceeds of such sale in 
satisfaction so far as the same will extend towards liquidation of the Loan Balance. The 
Lender shall have the power to transfer/sell the Security after providing prior written notice 
to the Borrower through SMS and/or email as set out above in Clause 14. The Borrower 
hereby agrees and undertakes not to raise any dispute as to the value at which the Security is 
transferred by the Lender and shall ensure that the Borrower does not raise a dispute and the 
decision made by the Lender shall be final and binding on the Borrower. The Lender shall 
not be liable for any loss arising due to the sale or transfer of the Security.
f. The borrower hereby authorizes the Lender expressly to act in pursuance of and in 
accordance with the 
Loan Documents herein. The Borrower also hereby authorises the Lender to sell, assign or 
transfer the Securities herein pledged under this Agreement to any person(s) of the Lender's 
choice in whole or in part and in such manner and or such terms as the Lender may decide in 
case of any breach of terms and conditions by the borrower as enumerated in this agreement. 
Any such sale, assignment or transfer shall conclusively bind the Borrower
The Parties hereby agree and confirm that for any matters connected with this Agreement, 
including but not limited to calling out an Event of Default, the Lender shall be entitled to 
send notice to the Borrower either by SMS or email and such mode of serving notice shall be
binding upon the Borrower.
22.2.
The proceeds from such sale or disposal of Securities/ enforcement of other Loan Security 
shall be applied in accordance with Clause 32 (Appropriation of payments).
22.3. Decision of SCCL on determination of an Event of Default, the number of Securities and the 
identification of securities which are to be so sold or disposed of, shall be final conclusive and 
binding on the Borrower.
22.4.
SCCL shall not in any way be liable for any loss or depreciation in value of the Securities 
whilst in its possession or in course of realization or disposal as provided hereunder.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
22.5.
In case, the proceeds of the sale or disposal of the Securities are not sufficient to pay/repay 
the dues of SCCL, the Borrower jointly and severally bind themselves and undertake to make 
good the deficit immediately on request from SCCL. Further, in case of Event of Default, SCCL 
will have an unqualified right to disclose or publish the name of the Borrower or its partners as 
defaulters in such manner and through such medium which is in accordance with the guidelines 
issued by the RBI and other applicable laws.
23. GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL PROCESS
Any grievance relating to this Loan may be addressed to :The Grievance Redressal Officer, 
Shriram Credit Company Limited, 1st Floor, 101-104, A Wing, Dynasty Business Park, Near 
Chakala-JB Nagar Metro Station, Andheri – Kurla Road, Andheri – East, Mumbai – 400 059.
Ph: 8981003538, Email ID: grievanceredressal@shriramcredit.in
24. RIGHT TO AUDIT
The Borrower agree and undertake to execute further documents as may be required by SCCL. 
The Borrower agrees that at the sole discretion of SCCL, the Borrower may be required to 
submit additional documentation, including but not limited to a declaration stating that 
(a) The Borrower is not a part of the RBIs defaulter/ caution list and is not disqualified under 
any applicable law from entering into this Agreement
(b) No legal case has been filed against the Borrower and their affiliates affecting their financial 
position and in case such a legal case is filed, the Borrower undertake to keep SCCL 
informed, etc.
25. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND DATA PROTECTION AND DISCLOSURE
25.1.
The Borrower agrees and authorizes the Lender to disclose, from time to time, any 
information and data relating to the Borrower (including personal sensitive data or information 
and any information that requires a consent under the Information Technology Act, 2000, Digital
Personal Data Protection Act,2023 and the rules, regulations, notifications and directions issued 
thereunder, to the extent applicable and in force from time to time and/or any other statute) 
and/or the Facility and/or other facilities availed by the Borrowers and/or the ‘financial 
information' as defined in Section 3(13) of IBC, in or outside India without requirement of any 
notice or intimation:
a. To any credit bureau, corporate, banks, financial institutions etc. according to statutory 
guidelines
b. To any Authority or other person as required by Applicable Law;
c. To any person pursuant to an order or direction of an Authority;
d. To any credit information company, other agencies or any information utility or other lenders
of the Borrower including who may also use, process the said information and data disclosed 
by the Lender in the manner as deemed fit by them, and who may for consideration or 
otherwise furnish such processed information and data or products thereof prepared by them, 
to banks/financial institutions and other credit guarantors or registered users, as may be 
specified by the RBI; 
e. To any other person as the Lender may deem fit.
25.2.
The Borrower acknowledges that the privacy policy of the Lender, as amended or updated 
from time to time in accordance with Applicable Laws, shall form part of and be read together 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
with this Agreement and shall govern the collection, processing, use, storage and disclosure of 
the Borrower’s personal data and information, to the extent applicable. The Borrower confirms 
that the Borrower has read and understood the privacy policy and consents to the processing of 
the Borrower’s personal data and information in accordance therewith and as otherwise permitted
under Applicable Laws.
25.3.
The Borrower(s) agree as a pre-condition of the Loan Facility given to the Borrower by the 
Lender that in case the Borrower commit default in the payment/repayment of the outstanding 
amounts on the Due Date(s), the Lender and/or RBI will have an un-qualified right to disclose or 
publish the name/s of the Borrower(s) as defaulter/s in such manner and through such medium as
the Lender or RBI in their absolute discretion may think fit including the photographs of the 
Borrower.
25.4.
The Borrower(s) hereby authorise the Lender to carry out their electronic KYC authentication
and to fetch electronic KYC data from Aadhaar data base and/or from any other sources as 
permitted by Applicable Law.
25.5.
The Borrower(s) hereby provide consent to the Lender to carry out the KYC and other 
requisite checks by such processes as may be permissible under Applicable Law including 
authentication / verification of documents or details submitted for KYC purpose, accessing and 
procuring data from databases maintained by statutory or other Authority.
25.6.
The Borrower(s) expressly authorise/consent to the Lender, its various service providers or 
agents, including for marketing, collections and recovery agents to contact the Borrower 
telephonically, through e-mails, telephones, messages, SMS, or other applications or otherwise 
even if the names of the Borrower appear in the Do Not Call or Do Not Disturb Register to 
inform the Borrower about the outstanding amounts under the Loan Documents or any other 
aspect pertaining to any facilities availed or to be availed by the Borrower(s), as per RBI 
/Statutory norms.
26. JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India.
a. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender may at its discretion exercise all or 
any of the rights conferred under the Loan Documents and/or Applicable Laws or other 
agreements and arrangements before any Court/Tribunal/appropriate Forum Without 
prejudice to any rights and remedies the Lender may have.
b. Subject to the arbitration provisions in Clause 24 (Arbitration) below, the courts in Chennai, 
India shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters arising pursuant to this Agreement and
specifically matters which are not arbitral and hence cannot form subject of arbitration.
27. ARBITRATION
27.1.
Subject to the provisions contained in Clause 26 (Jurisdiction and Governing Law), any 
claim(s), controversy (ies), difference(s), dispute(s) arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement shall be finally settled under the Rules of Arbitration of the Southern India Chamber 
of Commerce and Industry - Centre for ADR (SCA) by a sole arbitrator to be appointed by the 
SCA, in accordance with the said Rules. The Parties hereby gives his/her/their consent for such 
appointment of the Sole Arbitrator by the SCA. The procedures as prescribed under the 
Arbitration and the Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended up to date shall be adopted by the 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
Arbitrator in this regard. The place of arbitration shall be Chennai, India and the language of the 
arbitration shall be in English. The award passed by the Sole Arbitrator shall be final and binding
on both the Parties herein.
27.2. Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 24 above, nothing precludes either party from 
seeking interim equitable relief, including an action seeking injunction or specific performance, 
in any court of competent jurisdiction.
27.3.
To the extent that any of the Borrowers may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its assets, 
immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before judgment or 
otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be 
attributed to itself or its assets such immunity (whether or not claimed), the Borrower hereby 
irrevocably agree not to claim and hereby irrevocably waive such immunity.
28. BINDING
The Agreement shall become binding on the Borrower from the date first herein below written. It
shall remain in force and shall not be redeemed till all the monies due and payable under the 
Agreement are fully paid off to the satisfaction of SCCL.
29. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND UNDERTAKINGS
29.1. Borrower hereby represent and warrant that:
a. The Borrower is legally entitled and possessed of the power and authority to execute, deliver 
and perform, and have taken all the necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and 
performance of the Agreement and the transactions contemplated therein;
b. Upon execution, the Agreement will constitute their legal, valid, binding and enforceable 
obligations; and
The entry, delivery and performance by the Borrower, and the transactions contemplated by 
the Agreement
c. Do not and will not conflict with (i) any applicable law, (ii) its constitutional documents, or 
(iii) any other agreements, instruments or documents binding upon it/him or any of its/ his 
assets.
d. There are no proceedings relating to Taxes pending against the Borrower under the Income-
tax Act, 2025 ('ITA') and (a) all undisputed claims of Tax under the ITA have been duly 
discharged; and (b) there are no Tax claims under the ITA. All Tax payments (including 
withholding taxes) under the ITA have been discharged by the Borrower.
e. The Borrower(s) have not:(a) engaged in corrupt practices, fraudulent practices, or other 
illegal practices in connection with their respective business and operations, (b) engaged in 
money laundering or act in breach of any Applicable Law relating to money laundering; or 
(c) engaged in the financing of terrorism.
f. All representations and warranties of the Borrower contained herein shall survive the 
execution of this Agreement and be deemed to be repeated as of each day until the Final 
Settlement Date.
g. The Borrowers shall pay all stamp duty, registration fees, and other charges and penalties 
payable in respect of the Facility, the Loan Documents and/or the transactions contemplated 
thereby.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
29.2.
In addition to the representations and warranties set out in Clause 29.1 above, the Borrower 
hereby represent, warrant, assure and confirm that:
a. The entry, delivery and performance by the Borrower, and the transactions contemplated by 
the Agreement do not and will not conflict with any of its borrowing limits.
b. All accounts and financial statements furnished by the Borrower to the Lender have been 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards and practices in force 
in India consistently applied during the respective periods (except as stated in the published 
financial statements) and present complete, true and fair financial position of the Borrower.
c. All information provided by the Borrower to the Lender for the purposes of this Loan 
Facility is complete, true and accurate. No information has been given or withheld which 
results in the information contained herein or in any other Loan Documents, being untrue or 
misleading.
d. The Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws.
e. The Borrower is able to, and have not admitted their inability to, pay their respective debts as
they mature and have not suspended making payment on any of their respective debts and 
will not be deemed by a court to be unable to pay their respective debts within the meaning 
of applicable laws, nor in any such case, will it become so in consequence of entering into 
this Agreement.
f. The Borrower has not taken any action nor have any steps been taken or legal proceedings 
been started or threatened against them for their winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, 
bankruptcy or reorganization, for the enforcement of any security over their respective assets
or for the appointment of a liquidator, supervisor, receiver, administrator, compulsory 
manager, trustee or other similar officer in respect of them or any of their respective assets.
g. As on the date hereof, the Borrower has not taken any corporate action, any legal 
proceedings or other procedure or steps in relation to any bankruptcy proceedings.
h. No Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or might reasonably be expected to result 
from the borrowing of this Loan Facility.
i. Save and except the encumbrance created on the Securities under this Agreement to secure 
the Loan Amount, the Securities are free from any other encumbrance and are not subject to 
any attachment, or other order or process issued by any governmental authority and that the 
Borrower has a clear and marketable title to the Securities.
j. All stamp duties in respect of the Securities, at the time of its acquisition or otherwise have 
been duly paid.
k. The Loan Security when created shall form a legal, valid, enforceable and binding security 
expressed to be created on the Loan Security and all other necessary and appropriate actions 
have been taken and/or shall be taken so that security interest is created and perfected on all 
right, title, estate and interest of the Borrower in the Loan Security and all consents required 
under applicable law or pursuant to an agreement with any person for the creation, 
effectiveness, priority and enforcement of such Loan Security have been obtained.
l. Neither any steps have been undertaken nor the Borrower has been declared to be a willful 
defaulter.
m. The KYC requirements of the Lender have been and shall be fulfilled and all other terms and
conditions as may be prescribed by RBI or by the Lender from time to time have been and 
shall be complied with.
29.3.
a.
The Lender hereby represents and warrants as on the date hereof:
It is a company duly incorporated and validly existing under applicable law and the Lender is
duly authorised to enter into this Agreement.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
b. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and constitutes a legal and binding 
obligation of the Lender enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
30. CONFIDENTIALITY
30.1. During the Term of the Agreement, the Borrower may receive information relating to the 
Lender that is not known to the general public ("Confidential Information"). The Borrower 
agrees that all Confidential Information will remain the Lender's exclusive property; (b) the 
Borrower will use Confidential Information only as is reasonably necessary for the purpose of 
this Agreement and ensure that persons who have access to Confidential Information will be 
made aware of and will comply with the obligations in this provision; and (c) the Borrower will 
not otherwise disclose Confidential Information to any individual, company, or other third party, 
including any Affiliates.
30.2.
The Borrower agrees that they may not issue any press release or make any public statement 
related to the services provided by the Lender, or use the Lender's name, trademarks or logo in 
any way (including in promotional material) without advance written permission, or misrepresent
or embellish the relationship between the Parties in any way.
30.3.
The Borrower further agrees not to disclose this Agreement or the contents hereof, and any 
amendments or annexures hereto or any contents thereof without the prior written consent of the 
Lender.
31. COSTS AND EXPENSES
31.1. All costs and expenses arising out of: (i) the grant of the Loan Facility (including but not 
limited to any amounts payable as stamp duty on the Loan Documents) or creation and perfection
of Loan Security; (ii) the negotiation, cost of legal and tax consultants, preparation and execution
of this Agreement or any other agreement, document or other writings executed pursuant to the 
provisions of this Agreement; (iii) and cost and expenses incurred for the preservation/ 
enforcement of the Loan Security and/or after the occurrence of an Event of Default, shall be 
solely borne by the Borrower.
31.2. All applicable taxes levied by central and state authorities from time to time and as amended 
from time to time, which are payable in respect of the transactions contemplated under the Loan 
Documents shall be borne by the Borrower. Each party shall bear its own income taxes.
31.3. All payments to be made by the Borrower to the Lender under the Agreement and Loan 
Documents shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of taxes 
unless the Borrower is required to make such a payment subject to the deduction or withholding 
of taxes, in which case the sum payable by the Borrower in respect of which such deduction or 
withholding is required to be made shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after 
the making of the required deduction or withholding, the Lender receives and retains (free from 
any liability in respect of any such deduction or withholding) a net sum equal to the sum which it
would have received and so retained had no such deduction or withholding been made or 
required to be made, except if the deduction or withholding was made in respect of any taxes 
calculated with reference to the income of the Lender in accordance with applicable law, 
provided that the Borrower delivers to the Lender tax withholding or tax deduction certificates 
within 30 days in respect of such withholding or deduction evidencing that the amounts deducted
and/or withheld have been paid and/or deposited with the relevant Governmental authority.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
32. APPROPRIATION OF PAYMENTS
Notwithstanding anything contained under this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed to by the 
Lender, any payments due and payable to the Lender and made by the Borrower shall be 
appropriated towards such dues in the following order:
a. Firstly, towards costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Lender in accordance with the 
terms of the Loan Documents;
b. Secondly, reimbursement of all costs and expenses paid by the Lender as provided under 
Clause 31 (Costs and Expenses);
c. Thirdly, towards interest, additional interest or other interest payable in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement; and
d. Lastly, towards the principal amount of the Loan Facility and other Loan Amounts due and 
payable under the Loan Documents.
33. MISCELLANEOUS
33.1. No Implied Waiver or Impairment: No delay or omission of the Lender in exercising any 
right, power or remedy accruing to the Lender upon any default hereunder shall impair any such 
right, power or remedy or be construed to be a waiver thereof or any acquiescence in such 
default, nor shall the action or inaction of the Lender in respect of any default or any 
acquiescence by it in any default affect or impair any right power or remedy of the Lender in 
respect of any other defaults nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or 
remedy preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
The rights and remedies of the Lender herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any 
rights or remedies provided by law or equity.
33.2. Express Waiver: A waiver or consent granted by the Lender under this Agreement will be 
effective only if given in writing and then only in the instance and for the purpose for which it is 
given.
33.3. Discharges and Releases: Notwithstanding any discharge, release or settlement from time to 
time between the Lender and Borrower, if any discharge or payment in respect of the obligations 
of any of the Borrower under this Agreement is avoided or set aside or ordered to be surrendered,
paid away, refunded or reduced by virtue of any provision of law or enactment relating to 
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, winding up, composition or arrangement for the time being 
in force or for any other reason resulting in the above, the Lender shall be entitled hereafter to 
enforce this Agreement as if no such discharge, release or settlement had occurred.
33.4. Limitation on Rights of Others: Nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, 
shall be construed to give to any person other than the Lender any legal or equitable right, 
remedy or claim under or in respect of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this 
Agreement, any covenants, conditions or provisions contained herein all of which are, and shall 
be construed to be, for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Lender.
33.5. Other Remedies: The rights and remedies conferred upon the Lender under this agreement:
a. Shall not prejudice any other rights or remedies to which the Lender may, independently of 
this Agreement, whether by statute or otherwise, be entitled; and
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
b. Shall not be prejudiced by any other rights or remedies to which the Lender may, 
independently of this Agreement, be entitled to, or any collateral or other security now or 
hereinafter held by the Lender.
33.6. Right of Lender: Borrower hereby agrees that the Lender shall be permitted to share the 
details of the Borrower with its group companies / associates / partners / business partners / third 
parties, who shall be permitted to approach / solicit / make offerings to the Borrower.
34. SEVERABILITY
Every provision contained in this Agreement shall be severable and distinct from every other 
such provision and if at any time any one or more of such provisions is or becomes invalid, 
illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way affected or impaired thereby.
35. COUNTERPARTS
The Agreement may be executed in any number of originals or counterparts, each in like form 
and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement and any Party 
may execute this Agreement by signing any one or more of such originals or counterparts. This 
Agreement shall be deemed to have been executed when it is signed on behalf of both Parties.
36. ELECTRONIC MEDIA
36.1.
The Borrower hereby confirms, acknowledges and agrees that the online acceptance of this 
Agreement including any addendums hereto through SCCL's website or such other internet or 
web based means results in a binding contract between the Parties and the Borrower 
acknowledges and agrees that such electronic acceptance, electronic records, electronic 
communications and electronic signatures shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as
physical records, communications and signatures, to the extent recognised under the Information 
Technology Act, 2000 and other Applicable Laws and the same shall constitute evidence of the 
transactions and communications recorded therein.
36.2.
The Borrower is aware that transmission of this Agreement, addendums to the Agreement, 
terms and conditions, instructions, acceptances and communications ("Communications") 
through electronic means such as e-mail, facsimile, SMS text messaging, websites, online 
acceptance, etc. ("Electronic Media") involves a number of risks including fraudulent alterations 
and incorrect transmissions and absence of confidentiality. However, the Borrower is desirous of 
receiving Communications from and providing Communications to the Lender through 
Electronic Media for various matters under this Terms of Facility including in relation to the 
Loan and the operation thereof.
36.3.
In consideration of the Lender permitting the same, the Borrower hereby irrevocably, 
confirms and undertakes to the Lender as under:
a. The Lender shall be entitled (without being bound to do so) to rely upon the 
Communications provided through Electronic Media (and believe the same to be genuine), 
for their requirements. In case of any question as to what were the Communications provided
or received, the records of the Electronic Media received by the Lender shall be treated as 
final, conclusive and binding.
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
b. The Borrower has ensured and shall ensure that the Communications provided through 
Electronic Media to the Lender are provided by the Borrower and hereby agrees and 
confirms that the Lender shall not be responsible for conducting any verification whatsoever 
in this regard.
c. The Borrower confirms that the Lender shall not be bound to act in accordance with whole or
any part of the communications as it may appear in the Communications so conveyed and the
same shall be at the sole risk of the Borrower.
d. The Lender shall not be liable for the consequences of any act or any refusal or omission to 
act or deferment of action by the Lender on basis of the Communications through the 
Electronic Media.
e. The Lender shall not be required to await receipt of the Communications in writing before 
taking any action in connection with the Communications provided through any Electronic 
Media and the non-delivery and non-conformity of such Communications in writing shall not
in any manner prejudice the Lender's rights under the Agreement or otherwise.
f. The Lender may at any time whatsoever without assigning any reason withdraw or modify or
add the facility/ies provided to the Borrower in relation to the Communications through 
Electronic Media.
37. NON-WITHDRAWAL OF LOAN AMOUNT POST COOLING PERIOD
37.1. Non-Withdrawal & Charges:
The borrower acknowledges that the sanctioned loan amount is available for withdrawal. In the 
event the borrower does not withdraw the sanctioned amount within the cooling period and until 
the end of the loan tenure, the following charges will be levied:
Sr No
Charge Type
Amount (INR)
1
2
3
LIEN MARKING CHARGES
STAMP DUTY CHARGES
LIEN REMOVAL CHARGES
37.2. Non-Payment of Charges:
Rs. 450.00 + GST
Rs. {{LAKHS}} + GST
Rs. 100.00 + GST
In the event the Borrower fails to pay the applicable charges, SCCL reserves the right to adjust 
the outstanding amount from the pledged funds with addition of Invocation charges. After 
recovery of the charges, SCCL will revoke/release the remaining pledged mutual fund units.
38. EXCESS PAYMENT AND REFUND
If the Borrower remits or the Lender receives any amount in excess of the amounts due and 
payable under this Agreement, whether on account of inadvertent payment, duplicate payment, 
advance payment, system error, reconciliation adjustment, or otherwise ("Excess Payment"), the 
Lender shall be entitled to verify and reconcile such Excess Payment.
Upon reconciliation, the Lender shall first appropriate the Excess Payment towards any 
outstanding principal, interest, penal charges, fees, taxes, expenses, or any other amounts payable
in no particular order by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other facility availed by the 
Borrower from the Lender, to the extent permissible under applicable law.
Where, after such appropriation, no amount remains due from the Borrower and an Excess 
Payment continues to exist, the Lender shall refund the balance Excess Payment to the Borrower 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
through the registered bank account or such other mode as may be agreed with the Borrower, 
subject to completion of necessary verification, regulatory requirements, and validation of the 
Borrower's bank account details.
The Borrower shall promptly provide such information and documents as may reasonably be 
required by the Lender to facilitate the refund process. The Lender shall not be liable for any 
delay in processing the refund arising due to incomplete, inaccurate, or incorrect information 
provided by the Borrower or due to any statutory, regulatory, or judicial restrictions.
The refund of the Excess Payment shall constitute full and final settlement of the Lender's 
obligation in respect of such Excess Payment, and no interest shall be payable thereon unless 
otherwise required under applicable law or expressly agreed by the Lender.
39. INTEREST ON SAME-DAY WITHDRAWAL AND REPAYMENT
The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that interest on each withdrawal or disbursement under 
the Loan Facility shall accrue from the date on which the funds are disbursed or made available 
to the Borrower.
Where the Borrower repays, in whole or in part, any amount withdrawn under the Loan Facility 
on the same calendar day as the date of such withdrawal, the Borrower shall nevertheless be 
liable to pay interest for a minimum period of one (1) day on the amount so withdrawn, at the 
applicable rate of interest specified in the Sanction Letter, Key Fact Statement (KFS), or other 
Loan Documents.
For the avoidance of doubt, any withdrawal under the Loan Facility shall be deemed to constitute
utilization of the Loan from the date of disbursement, and the minimum one (1) day's interest 
shall be payable irrespective of the time of withdrawal or repayment on such day.
The Parties hereto have signed this Agreement in acceptance of all terms and conditions stated above 
on {{DATE_LONG}}
Party of the first Part-Borrower:
1)
Name: {{NAME}}  
Address: {{ADDR1}}, {{ADDR2}}, 
2)
{{ADDR3}}
3) 
Signature (Borrower): 
Party of the third Part:
1)
2)
Name: Shriram Credit Company Limited
Mailing Address: Shriram House, No.4, Burkit 
Road, T.Nagar, Chennai, TamilNadu, 600017
3) 
Signature: 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
NOTICE DETAILS OF BORROWER
Annexure-1
    SCHEDULE OF CHARGES
Annexure 2 (Schedule of Charges to Agreement No: MF0000000000025)
Sr. No
Charge Head
Charges
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Loan
Purpose
Tenure
Interest Rate
Interest Frequency
Rs. {{AMOUNT}}
{{PURPOSE}}
12 Months months
10.5 %
Monthly
Loan Processing Charges
Rs. {{FEE}} + GST
Loan Renewal Charges
Rs. 999 + GST
Bounce Charges
Penal Charges
Rs. 100 + GST per instance
36% p.a. charges shall be payable on the unpaid 
interest/EMI for the delayed period in case of delay in 
payment
Other Terms:
The facility shall be used by the Borrower only for the mutual fund units/ securities approved by 
SCCL.
By signing this Schedule of Terms, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees to all of the provisions
set out herein, as if the same were set out in full in the Agreement, mutatis mutandis
SIGNATURE/ I Accept:
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
RISK DISCLOSURE – LAMF
There are inherent risks associated with borrowing against Marketable Securities. You should 
therefore consider carefully whether such borrowing is appropriate to you and your particular 
financial circumstances. Some of the issues which you should take note of and understand in deciding 
whether to borrow moneys on this basis, are given below. However, you should take independent 
advice, especially on the risks involved, before entering into LAMF agreement and availing the loan 
under LAMF facility.  SCCL is not providing personal investment advice in making the LAMF 
facility available. In particular, SCCL, in providing this facility to you has not considered in any way 
its suitability to your financial circumstances and needs etc.
1.  The securities are exposed to the volatility of the market and to the determination by SCCL, of
the value of the securities forming part of your margin / security. If there is a decrease in the
value of the securities which are forming a part of your margin, you will be required to make up
the shortfall of such margin on a short notice.
SCCL may lend funds up to the point where the Security Value of your portfolio has prescribed
margin   coverage   over   and   above   your   loan   value.   Each   approved   Security   is   assigned   a
Valuation factor. The Market Value of a Security multiplied by its Valuation factor represents
the maximum amount SCCL shall at any point of time lend against that Security provided it has
prescribed margin coverage over and above the loan amount. SCCL may change this Valuation
factor   at   its   absolute   discretion   at   any   time,   which   will   affect   the   amount   which   SCCL   is
prepared to advance and as regards your existing loan outstanding you may be required to either
top up your portfolio with additional acceptable securities or funds or reduce your borrowing to
acceptable levels. In some instance the shortfall must be made good within few hours of receipt
of notice of communication of shortfall.
Examples:
(a) Let's consider the following example where the value of the loan /finance amount is denoted by
"a", value of the securities forming part of the margin is denoted by "b" and the margin % is  
[(b-a)/b]*100 and 
a = Rs. 40,00,000, 
b = Rs 50,00,000, 
Margin% = [(50,00,000 - 40,00,000)/50,00,000]*100 = 20%
i.e., you have securities (forming margin / security) with a market value of say Rs. 50,00,000
against a loan balance of Rs.40,00,000 from SCCL, the available margin is 20%, assuming that
SCCL requires you to maintain atleast 20% margin in your   account in the form of approved
securities, your position is just satisfactory.
(b) Now taking a hypothetical example if due to fall in the market &or fall in the value of particular
securities against which you have availed the loan, the value of your margin / security falls to say
Rs. 45,00,000, the revised available margin % position shall stand changed as under:
a = Rs 40,00,000, 
b = Rs 45,00,000, 
Margin% = [(45,00,000-40,00,000)/45,00,000]*100 = 11 %
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
Now as SCCL requires you to maintain at least 20% margin in your LAMF account in the form
of approval securities, there arises a margin shortfall in your loan account and accordingly you
would therefore be required to repay proportionate amount of your loan according to the value of
the   margin   shortfall   in   your   account   in   order   to   bring   your   margin%   at   desired   level   or
alternatively, you may provide additional approved securities to be held as collateral against your
loan. These securities would have to have a Net Asset Value in case of Mutual Fund units,
which, when multiplied by the appropriate valuation factor, would make up the margin shortfall
and raise your available margin% to the desired level, which in this illustration is 20%.
If you are unable to make up the shortfall by following either or both of these courses of action,
SCCL may be forced to sell your securities to meet the above mentioned margin shortfall in your
account. If you are required to make good any shortfall, SCCL is entitled to exercise its rights
against any security held by it, even if you have not received notice of the shortfall.
As  you are required to ensure maintenance of required margin on your own without notice,
SCCL may decide to take liquidation / sale action / redemption of your mutual fund units at any
time without notice, if circumstances so require in the opinion and discretion of SCCL. Such
situations may disallow you to respond by making payments if you have been depending on
margin calls / demands by SCCL by telephone and/or email etc.
(c)   An even more extreme situation may arise if the value of your securities falls to such levels that
their cumulative value falls below the balance of your loan amount. In this case, even after sale /
liquidation / redemption of your entire set of mutual fund units i.e. portfolio, there may still
remain balance payable by you in your loan account, which you are obliged to pay. It may also
be worth considering that as SCCL is entitled to sell any security that it holds as collateral /
security, if necessary, to make good the shortfall it may sell/redeem such securities which you
may not have desired to be sold.
FURTHER   IN   MOST   OF   SUCH   SITUATIONS   EXTREME   LOSSES   MAY   ACCRUE   TO
YOU   AS   YOUR   SECURITIES   WOULD   GET   SOLD   IN   A   DEPRESSED   MARKET
CONDITION   AND   MAY   FETCH   YOU   MUCH   SMALLER   AMOUNTS   THAN   WOULD
HAVE BEEN THE CASE IN DIFFERENT MARKET CONDITIONS.
2. You should also take the precautionary measure of calling SCCL to discuss the impact on your
position if there are changes occurring in the market which may require topping up of margin by
you, If you are intending to travel or if you are not likely to be contactable for a period of time,
arrangements should be made so that, if necessary, additional securities or funds can be placed
with   SCCL.   In   this   way   you   can   protect   yourself   against   SCCL   taking   action   to   liquidate
securities held as security, to make good any shortfall occasioned by a drop in value of the
securities or a change in the applicable valuation factor.
3. The amount that SCCL is prepared to advance against the securities forming part of your margin
and the securities against which SCCL is prepared to advance money is not an indication of the
financial stability or financial prospects of the securities selected and should not be used as a
guide to which securities you decide to borrow against.
4. SCCL does not provide taxation advice and recommends that you seek professional taxation
advice before making any investment or making an application for a loan under the securities
based lending scheme.
5.
If you are intending to negatively gear your investment you should be aware that you may not
have received the income or the benefit of any tax deductions at the time you are required to pay
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
interest to SCCL. There is therefore a possible timing mismatch in terms of making an interest
payment before you receive any tax benefit. You should ensure that you will have adequate
income or resources at all times to make any interest payments you are required to make or that
you   have   sufficient   borrowing   capacity   under   the   LAMF   facility   to   allow   capitalization   of
interest.
Signed and delivered by the within named
Borrower:     {{NAME}}
Place:
Date:
{{CITY}}
{{DATE}}
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
Annexure 2
Loan Application Form
Name of The borrower
{{NAME}}
PAN
Loan proposal /  Customer ID
{{PAN_MASK}}
SCCLMF20260900155 / 
A000000011
Date of Birth in DD/MM/YYYY
{{DOB}}
Gender
Father's Name / Spouse Name
Mother's Name
{{GENDER}}
{{FATHER}}
{{MOTHER}}
Permanent Address
Mobile Number
Email id
Occupation
Name of the organization and address
Loan Amount applied for (in Rs. Lakhs)
Tenure
Purpose of Loan(Please specify the exact 
purpose)
Source of Income
Annual Income
{{ADDR1}}, 
{{ADDR2}}, 
{{ADDR3}}
{{MOBILE}}
{{EMAIL}}
{{OCCUPATION}}
NA
₹
 {{LAKHS}}
12 Months
{{PURPOSE}}
{{SOURCE}}
{{INCOME}}
If existing customer of SCCL, Please mention 
loan account number
Details of Loans from SCCL
NA
NA
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
I hereby declare that the information furnished are true and correct. I understand that SCCL shall 
share the applicant's data with Credit Information Companies and other statutory bodies for the 
purpose of verification and for complying with the laws of the land. I also understand that SCCL 
charges different rates of interest for different categories of customers based upon its internal risk
gradation parameters. I also understand that the terms of the loans shall be changed by SCCL 
during the course of the loan from time to time and I/ We agree to abide by the amended terms 
and conditions. I confirm that I am a citizen of India and are resident of India.
Signature of the applicant: 
SHRIRAM CREDIT COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Shriram House, No. 4, Burkit Road, T. Nagar, Chennai – 600017, Phone: 91-44-49052500/2501, Fax: 91-44-49052696/97
     Corporate Office: No. 221, 3rd Floor, Thiru Vi Ka Salai, Royapettah High Road, Mylapore, Chennai-600004, Phone: 044-42983690
          CIN: U65993TN1980PLC008215
